federalist 28 the same subject continued
the idea of restraining the legislative
authority in regard to the common
defense considered
for the independent journal hamilton
to the people of the state of new york
that there may happen cases in which the
national government may be necessitated
to resort to force
cannot be denied our own experience has
corroborated the lessons taught by the
examples of other nations that
emergencies of this sort will sometimes
arise in all societies however
constituted
that seditions and insurrections are
unhappily maladies as inseparable from
the body politic
as tumors and eruptions from the natural
body that the idea of governing at all
times by the simple force of law
which we have been told is the only
admissible principle of republican
government
has no place but in the reveries of
those politic doctors whose sagacity
disdains the admonitions of experimental
instruction
should such emergencies at any time
happen under the national government
there could be no remedy but force the
means to be employed must be
proportioned to the extent of the
mischief
if it should be a slight commotion in a
small part of a state
the militia of the residue would be
adequate to its suppression
and the national presumption is that
they would be ready to do their duty
an insurrection whatever may be its
immediate cause
eventually endangers all government
regard to the public peace
if not to the rights of the union would
engage the citizens to whom the
contagion had not communicated itself to
oppose the insurgents
and if the general government should be
found in practice conducive to the
prosperity and felicity of the people
it were irrational to believe that they
would be disinclined to its support
if on the contrary the insurrection
should pervade a whole state
or a principal part of it the employment
of a different kind of force might
become
unavoidable it appears that
massachusetts found it necessary to
raise troops for representing the
disorders within that state that
pennsylvania from the mere apprehension
of commotions among a part of her
citizens
has thought proper to have recourse to
the same measure suppose the state of
new york had been inclined to
re-establish her lost jurisdiction over
the inhabitants of vermont
could she have hoped for success in such
an enterprise from the efforts of the
militia alone
would she not have been compelled to
raise and to maintain a more regular
force for the execution of her design
if it must then be admitted that the
necessity of recurring to a force
different from the militia in cases of
this extraordinary nature is applicable
to the state governments themselves
why should the possibility that the
national government might be under a
like necessity in similar extremities be
made in objection to its existence
is it not surprising that men who
declare an attachment to the union in
the abstract should urge as an objection
to the proposed constitution what
applies with tenfold weight to the plan
for which they contend
and what as far as it has any foundation
and truth is an inevitable consequence
of civil society upon an enlarged scale
who would not prefer that possibility to
the unceasing agitations and frequent
revolutions which are the continual
scourges of petty republics
let us pursue this examination in
another light suppose
in lieu of one general system two or
three or even four confederacies were to
be formed
would not the same difficulty oppose
itself to the operations of either of
these confederacies
would not each of them be exposed to the
same casualties and when these happen be
obliged to have recourse to the same
expedience for upholding its authority
which are objected to in a government
for all the states
would the militia in this supposition be
more ready or more able to support the
federal authority than in the case of a
general union
all candid and intelligent men must upon
due consideration acknowledge that the
principle of the objection
is equally applicable to either of the
two cases and that whether we have one
government for all the states
or different governments for different
parcels of them or even if there should
be an entire separation of the states
there might sometimes be a necessity to
make use of a force constituted
differently from the militia to preserve
the peace of the community and to
maintain the just authority of the laws
against those violent invasions of them
which amount to insurrections and
rebellions
independent of all other reasoning upon
the subject it is a full answer to those
who require a more peremptory provision
against military establishments in
time of peace to say that the whole
power of the proposed government is to
be in the hands of the representatives
of the people
this is the essential and after all only
efficacious security for the rights and
privileges of the people which is
attainable in civil society
its full efficacy will be examined
hereafter
if the representatives of the people
betray their constituents
there is then no resource left but in
exertion of that original right of
self-defense which is paramount to all
positive forms of government
and which against the usurpations of the
national rulers may be exerted with
infinitely better prospect of success
than against those rulers of an
individual state in a single state
if the persons entrusted with supreme
power become usurpers
the different parcels subdivisions or
districts of which it consists
having no distinct governments in each
can take no regular measures for defense
the citizens must rush tumultuously to
arms without concert without system
without resource except in their courage
and despair
the usurpers clothed with the forms of
legal authority can too often crush the
opposition in embryo
the smaller the extent of the territory
the more difficult will it be for the
people to form a regular or systematic
plan of opposition
and the more easy will it be to defeat
their early efforts
intelligence can be more speedily
obtained of their preparations and
movements and the military force in the
possession of the usurpers can be more
rapidly directed against the part where
the opposition has begun
in this situation there must be a
peculiar coincidence of circumstances to
ensure success to the popular resistance
the obstacles to usurpation and the
facilities of resistance
increase with the increased extent of
the state provided the citizens
understand their rights and are disposed
to defend them
the natural strength of the people in a
large community in proportion to the
artificial strength of the government
is greater than in a small and of course
more competent to a struggle with the
attempts of the government to establish
a tyranny
but in a confederacy the people without
exaggeration may be said to be entirely
the masters of their own fate
power being almost always the rival of
power the general government will at all
times stand ready to check the
usurpations of the state governments
and these will have the same disposition
towards the general government
the people by throwing themselves into
either scale will infallibly make it
preponderate if their rights are invaded
by either
they can make use of the other as the
instrument of redress
how wise will it be in them by
cherishing the union to preserve to
themselves an advantage which can never
be too highly prized
it may safely be received as an axiom in
our political system that the state
government's will in all possible
contingencies
afford complete security against
invasions of the public liberty by the
national authority
projects of usurpation cannot be masked
under pretenses so likely to escape the
penetration of select bodies of men as
of the people at large
the legislatures will have better means
of information they can discover the
danger at a distance
and possessing all the organs of civil
power and the confidence of the people
they can at once adopt a regular plan of
opposition
in which they can combine all the
resources of the community
they can readily communicate with each
other in the different states and unite
their common forces for the protection
of their common liberty
the great extent of the country is a
further security we have already
experienced its utility against the
attacks of a foreign power and it would
have precisely the same effect against
the enterprises of ambitious rulers in
the national councils
if the federal army should be able to
quell the resistance of one state
the distant states would have it in
their power to make head with fresh
forces
the advantages obtained in one place
must be abandoned to subdue the
opposition in others
and the moment the part which had been
reduced to submission was left to itself
its efforts would be renewed and its
resistance revive
we should recollect that the extent of
the military force must at all events be
regulated by the resources of the
country
for a long time to come it will not be
possible to maintain a large army
and as the means of doing this increase
the population and natural strength of
the community will proportionably
increase
when will the time arrive that the
federal government can raise and
maintain an army capable of erecting a
despotism over the great body of the
people of an immense empire who are in a
situation through the medium of their
state governments to take measures for
their own defense
with all the solarity regularity and
system of independent nations
the apprehension may be considered as a
disease for which there can be found no
cure in the resources of argument and
reasoning
publius